Issue442 test case source parameter check (#502)
nunit/nunit.analyzers: documentation/NUnit1030.md

# NUnit1030

## The type of parameter provided by the TestCaseSource does not match the type of the parameter in the Test method

| Topic    | Value
| :--      | :--
| Id       | NUnit1030
| Severity | Error
| Enabled  | True
| Category | Structure
| Code     | [TestCaseSourceUsesStringAnalyzer](https://github.com/nunit/nunit.analyzers/blob/master/src/nunit.analyzers/TestCaseSourceUsage/TestCaseSourceUsesStringAnalyzer.cs)

## Description

The type of parameters provided by the TestCaseSource must match the type of parameters in the Test method.

Note that the current implementation only works for single parameters.

## Motivation

> A `TestCaseSourceAttribute` is used to pass parameters to a test method, but the test method does expect different type of parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `TestCaseSourceAttribute` is used to pass parameters to a test method, but the test method expects a different type of parameter.
```
